In New Zealand, Jon starts a new day of work. He goes from house to house collecting the money neighbors pay for the protection of the local kingpin. On his way, he bumps into his friend [music] Gaz, who is bored and decides to come along. When all the money has been collected, Jon takes it to his boss. Shelton shows him an explosive vest that his sister Kelly has been building, and Jon is immediately interested in her. However, Shelton drags him away for a serious talk. The Chinese mafia is looking to set up shop in this town, starting by using Wii's antique shop as a gambling drop. Shelton refuses to give up control of his town, so he has a plan. A shipment of crime money will be dropped off at the antique store, and Shelton wants Jon and Gaz to intercept it. Afterward, the boys go to the bowling club for a drink and discuss what they'd do if they had money like Shelton. [music] Gaz points out that the shipment will be in the store for anyone to steal and says that they should take it for themselves, [music] but Jon is too scared of Shelton to act behind his back. Later at the cemetery, Kelly finds Jon drinking beer in front of his parents' graves. Jon admits he wants to start his own organization, so Kelly points out that he needs to grow some nuts to do so. When Jon goes home, his land lady tells him he needs to move out [music] before 6. It turns out he's been living in her garage, and now she needs it for an actual car. Jon doesn't have anywhere to go, so he looks in the mirror and hypes himself up until he's brave enough to call Gaz to agree to do the robbery. At the antique [music] store, he meets with Gaz and they wait for the shipment to arrive. A car soon arrives and when brings out a tire, so Jon assumes the money is hidden there. After when leaves, the boys put on some masks and Gaz reveals he's brought his mother's gun. The duo rushes into the shop and they ask Wii where the Chinese money is, so he points at the tire. A quick cut confirms the tire is full of cash and Jon takes it all while Wii calls them idiots for stealing from the mafia. Jon also sees a bracelet on display and takes it as a gift for Kelly. At that moment, Guess sees a car approaching and runs through the back door before Jon follows him while Lee warns him that the bracelet is very dangerous. If he uses it, a demon will come for him. [music] Jon ignores him and finally runs to join Gas. When enters the store and gets angry when he sees that the tire has been emptied, so he tries to run after the boys with a blade in hand. Outside, Jon uses a box cutter on one of the tires on W's car before joining Gaz in his vehicle. [music] When almost catches up to them, but Gaz manages to start his car just in time to drive off. Minutes later, the duo reaches a hideout in the woods. Suddenly, two people jump on Jon and capture him before passing the bag of money to Shelton, who knew about the plan all along because Gaz betrayed his friend. He checks Jon's pockets and finds the bracelet, so he puts it on Jon's wrist to mock him for liking girly things. Then Shelton orders Gaz to kill [music] Jon, but Gaz can't bring himself to do it. A thug named Damage volunteers and Gaz tries to leave, but Shelton forces him to watch. However, when Damage shoots, the bullet goes backwards and hits Terry in the eye. Gaz doesn't have any more bullets because his mother keeps them [music] locked up, so Jon uses the chance to run. While some of Shelton's thugs go after Jon, Officer Lelay shows up to remind them that they aren't supposed to discharge firearms in public. Shelton uses the Chinese money to buy his silence. Meanwhile, Jon hides inside an abandoned trailer and watches his pursuers run ahead without noticing. Then, he looks at the bracelet and notices it has a strange button. Suddenly, he hears a voice telling him to press it, and Jon is shocked to see himself at the back of the trailer. He runs away while the second Jon yells that he'll know when to push the button. Eventually, Jon has to stop running to throw up. The thugs finally get to catch him and dunk his head in dirty water, trying to [music] drown him. Not knowing what else to do, Jon presses the button. Things look blurry for a while and his body feels funny. When he looks up, he finds himself alone and the trailer is empty. Jon returns to the hideout and is surprised to see himself surrounded by Shelton and his people. [music] It turns out the bracelet has sent him 5 minutes back in time. The chase starts for this Jon too, so future Jon runs to hide in the trailer and waits for his present self to tell him about the button, recreating the scene. Moments later, Kelly finds Jon and tells him that Shelton's gang is still looking for him to kill him. She's also very impressed by what Jon did and thinks he should take the money back [music] saying that Shelton has hidden it in the basement. Jon refuses and wants to escape. So, Kelly admits she doesn't want him to run away and leaves. Suddenly, when appears behind Jon pointing a gun at his head, he tells him to use the bracelet to get the money back or he'll kill him and Kelly. He gives him a card with the address of an inn where they'll meet tonight. Afterward, Jon presses the button and goes back in time. He hears the gunshot and immediately hides behind some trash to watch the two other Jons hide in the trailer. After everyone is gone, he decides [music] to press the button again and goes back another 5 minutes. Then he hides further back and watches how the third Jon observes the first two. When Jon is about to press the button again, another Jon shows up to stop him. They don't understand what changed this time, so they go looking for a friend who can help. They knock on a container and say the password before Jay comes out ready to shoot a slingshot. [music] He's confused by the sight of two Jon, so they tell him what happened. Jay takes a close look at the bracelet and recognizes the demon Toad who is known for eating everything in sight and then itself. The bracelet was made in ancient China and hidden in the mountains by a monk. When war took over the country, the monk gave the bracelet to a warrior named Wii who was eager to use this power to save his homeland. The monk warned him that if he met himself while time traveling, the demon would come for him. But Wii [music] ignored him. Using the bracelet, Wii easily won the war by going back in time every time he lost a fight and trying again with a new knowledge. The country called him a hero and gave him riches. But he could only think about one thing, meeting himself. One day, he finally gave in and pressed the button to make another. Wally appear. Soon, the demon came for him and killed him. [music] Jay tells the Js to press the button at the same time, so everyone will go back. But they have to pay attention to what each of them is doing. The Js don't want to go to Shelton's because they'll be killed on the spot. So, they decide they'll get the money by robbing a bank instead. They go to the store to get a bag, masks, and two toy guns that they paint black to make them look real. [music] The J's burst into the bank, but barely get to say a word before an armed lady shoots one of them. The other Jon immediately runs away and hides in a public bathroom where he decides to press the button again. He reappears 5 minutes ago and finds a man already using the toilet. So, Jon goes out while tourists take the chance to take pictures of the bathroom. Afterward, Jon returns to the woods. He sees himself talking to Kelly [music] and the other two getting ready for the robbery. Then, he goes to the bank and waits until the woman isn't looking to take away her gun from her bag. Soon the two Js arrive and the third Jon tells them to go ahead. The Js are very awkward when they threaten the clerk and she calls her supervisor. The guy comes out and the sight of thieves makes him throw up. The clerk has no [music] choice but to give the robbers a valuable box. The three John's return to the woods and open the box only to discover it doesn't have much. A paint bomb explodes on their faces, but Jon keeps looking. Under some checks and pension slips, he finds 38 bucks. Two Johns send the third one back so they can use the money to buy beers. At the bowling club, the clerk sees them and calls Shelton. The J's [music] discuss the idea of robbing Shelton over and over again using the bracelet for trial and error. After one of the J's goes to the bathroom, Damage and the other thugs show up and quickly capture the remaining Jon. He tries to press the button, but the thugs are keeping his arms apart. So, Damage [music] stabs him with a knife. As Jon's body falls, he presses the button and reappears in the club without the wound. He runs to the bathroom and hides in a stall to wait until the second Jon shows up. Then he rushes back to the club and hits Damage from behind to bring him down and save himself. While the other thugs run away, the J's look at each other and realize they've become their own gang. So they call it Mega Time Squad before the third Jon jumps back. Meanwhile, Kelly is putting the explosive vest on Shelton. He gets a call informing him that Jon has a gang and they're going after him. So Shelton wants all his men to come to his place. Once everyone is there, Shelton chooses Sammy as their guard. Outside Shelton's home, Sammy waits in his car while smoking. when he sees someone in the shadows. He turns on the car lights and confirms it's Jon. [music] Sammy raises the gun, but can't bring himself to shoot a former friend. Suddenly, he's startled by the second Jon, but he thinks having a copy is cool. [music] Sammy agrees that Shelton has been a jerk lately, so he lets the Jon's pass. Shelton then sees a Jon on the camera and sends Terry out with a gun. That Jon immediately runs while the other sneaks inside and gets the thugs attention. They barely get to react before he uses the bracelet and reappears [music] behind them. A chase ensues through the house and the thugs are extremely confused because Jon keeps appearing and disappearing in random corners. Shelton sees Jon's on multiple screens at the same time and thinks they're malfunctioning. Terry follows the first Jon into the house and becomes [music] part of the confusion. Eventually, two Js end up on the stairs at the same time, so Shelton sees them together on camera. Soon, more J's appear together because they've been time traveling over and over to put together a whole gang. When a thug manages to corner one of the J's, another one [music] appears behind him and strikes him down with a hammer before disappearing. Aj manages to reach the basement where searches every corner for the money to no avail. When he sits down to think, he finally finds the money bag behind a cushion. At that moment, he hears the gang coming, [music] so he activates a smoke flare. Carrie shoots blindly and hurts everyone's ears with the noise. In the kitchen, [music] Kelly opens a drawer to get some chips and is shocked to find the vest. She decides to eat alone in her room, but she's approached by Damage, who tries to awkwardly flirt with her. She tries to kick him out, but he ignores her and gets too close. At that moment, Jon comes in and tries to stop him, only for Damage to point his gun at him and call him a coward. Jon considers pressing the button. However, he wants to prove to Kelly that he's a brave man now. He hits Damage's face with the money bag. Then, he grabs him and starts poking his forehead wound. Damage runs away, but swears he'll get his revenge. Then, Jon asks Kelly if she wants to run away with him. Shelton and his men search the basement [music] and discover that the money is gone. Everyone runs outside to look for Jon, but he and Kelly are already driving away in Gaz's car. [music] Damage tries to open fire. However, the bullet hits Terry in the wounded eye. Shelton makes his men get in his car to chase after Jon. After everyone is gone, four Js come out of the house and realize they've pressed the button too many times. They go home and discover that the land lady has already thrown all of Jon's things away. Her son is currently burning those things. So, the J surround him and intimidate him until he gives them his car keys. Moments later, Jon and Kelly arrive at the inn and ask about when who hasn't arrived yet. They decide to rent a room while they wait. And while having a snack, Jon shares the story of how he ended up working for Shelton. [music] In return, Kelly reveals she came to live with her brother because she blew up her school. She had been tired of being harassed by other students, so she used the school lab to make a bomb. Jon thinks [music] this is very cool, and they end up kissing. The new couple is about to get naughty, but they're interrupted when the other Jons enter the room. An argument ensues as they start blaming each other for pressing the button too much or not at the right moment. Kelly spots them and points out that with so many of them, they could overpower when and keep the money. This only causes another argument because they don't want to share it and Kelly calls them egoomaniacs. Outside, Lei finds Gaz's car and calls Shelton to tell him the location. In the in room, everyone has fallen asleep. A Jon wakes up and goes to the bathroom, and soon a second one does the same. However, they don't bump into each other and find it suspicious, so they argue again until one of them goes outside for fresh air. [music] He hears a noise and turns around to notice that some plants have been moved. Suddenly, he's startled by someone behind him. When Kelly comes to the door to close it, she finds Jon 1 bleeding on the floor. Her screams wake up the other three and Jon 2 comes out to check on his bleeding buddy. At that moment, the mysterious killer appears inside and drags Jon 3 away. Kelly and Jon 4 run out of the room while Jon 5 stays to grab the money bag. Since the killer is now coming for him, he [music] rushes to hide in the nearest room and blocks the door with the ironing board. Then he tries to escape through [music] the window, but it's too high for him to jump. In the corridor, Kelly and Jon foresee the gang coming out of the elevator, so they take the stairs. They make it to the manager's door, but it's locked and he won't answer. The gang corners them and Damage [music] tries to attack them. So, Kelly kicks him in the groin to bring him down. When the manager finally opens the door, Jon immediately runs in and uses the back door to go outside. When Jon four looks up, he sees Jon 5 at the window and convinces him to come down. Jon 5 slowly climbs out and four asks him to throw him the bag to make it easier. After some hesitation, five tosses it and four immediately returns to the room. At that moment, the gang breaks in and the manager wets his pants at the sight of a gun. Jon four goes back outside and just waits on the side while the gang runs out without seeing him. Now he can return to Kelly and run away. Outside, the gang looks up and sees Jon 5 at the window. So Terry opens fire and five is forced to go back inside. Damage goes to search the honeymoon suite and finds a dead Jon 3. While he's distracted taking a selfie with the body, the killer sneaks out. Kelly and John four take the elevator and Terry tries to shoot them but the door closes too fast. The couple makes it to the lobby, but Kelly isn't walking fast enough. So Terry catches up to them and grabs Kelly by the arm. They start arguing while Jon 5 shows up. So four keeps Terry distracted with a bad magic trick and five knocks him out from behind. Afterward, both J's grab Kelly at the same time and fight over her. All their pulling causes her to fall. Then Jon four punches Five twice to knock him out before grabbing Kelly again, but she refuses to go with him. Suddenly, Terry shoots Jon 4 and his head blows up, covering Kelly in blood. Thinking all the J's are dead, Shelton makes Terry grab the money bag and the gang leaves. Suddenly, another Jon 5 wakes up and tries to talk to Kelly, but she's tired of this and leaves alone. Five then takes the car keys from For's pocket, only to accidentally drop them on the remains of his head. After disgustingly [music] picking them up, Jon leaves in Gaz's car. During the ride, he considers pressing the button again, but instead, he takes the bracelet off. Minutes later, Jon is at the antique store asking Wall-I for help. Wii shows him a picture that reveals he went through the same thing and explains the demon doesn't stop until there's only one left, which is why he's still alive. He's the last Wii. He advises Jon to kill any remaining Jon's if he wants to survive. Then Jon visits Jay to get [music] his help and access to his weapons. The duo sneaks into Shelton's house and brings down two of the thugs using the slingshot and bolas. They tie them up and hide them in a closet. Shelton sees it all on the security camera and sends Terry to take care of it. In [music] the corridor, Jay tries to attack Terry with a slingshot, but Terry accidentally fires the gun first and hits him [music] in the leg. Jay uses his slingshot anyway and hurts Terry's healthy eye. Meanwhile, Jon goes looking for Kelly and Damage runs away as soon as he sees him. He apologizes for his attitude and shows her that he's given up the bracelet. Kelly makes him promise that he'll behave from now on before finally forgiving him. When the couple tries to leave with Jay, the gang follows them and Shelton points his gun at Jon. [music] Kelly tries to be a shield, so Shelton makes his men drag her away and hits Jon to bring him down. However, Jon shows no fear and says Shelton won't shoot because he doesn't know how to do anything by himself. So, he makes his henchman do it for him. Shelton denies [music] it, yet he still asks for a volunteer. The guys refuse, finally understanding that their boss is a weakling. Jon [music] stands up proudly and tells Kelly he loves her. Shelton raises his gun again, only to be shot first by Wen, who quickly [music] takes the money bag. He intends to shoot Jon, too, but Gaz scares him away by attacking him with a slingshot. Then, Gaz and Jon reconcile. Moments later, Jon and Kelly are leaving town in Shelton's car. Kelly opens her bag and reveals that she stole all the money. At the same [music] time, when delivers the original bag to his boss, only to find the vest inside. The explosion instantly kills him. The next day, [music] Jon uses the bathroom at a gas station. Suddenly, the demon appears behind him, but Jon notices it's a disguise. This is another Jon who wants his money back. Since this Jon hasn't fallen in love with Kelly, the first Jon makes a deal. He keeps Kelly while mask Jon takes the money. Then Jon keeps Kelly distracted in the shop while his other self [music] takes the bag from the car. Later, Kelly realizes that Jon gave up the money to be with her and says she loves him, too. Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks for watching.

